Miscellaneous Scripts
=====================

This directory contains some random scripts we wrote that aren't
actually part of perlbot.  For example, the first scripts we included
here are to help you bring logfiles from an eggdrop bot over to the
perlbot format.  There are also scripts to help you set up a web
interface to search your logs.

These scripts are by no means production-level.  They were just some
useful things we cooked up that we decided to distribute, since at
least one person out there will probably find them useful.  Feel free
to modify them for your own purposes, and please send us any patches
or new scripts that you feel would be useful to the perlbot community.
You can send any patches or additions to perlbot@fdntech.com .



perlbot-date-system.pl
----------------------

Renames eggdrop log files so they match the perlbot logfile filename
scheme.  If you're replacing an eggdrop bot with a perlbot, you might
want to convert all your old logs to the perlbot format so you can use
our other tools like the CGI scripts that let you search perlbot logs
from the web.

To use, simply change directory to where your eggdrop logs are, and
run this script *from that directory*.  Your old logfiles will be
renamed.  It would be wise to make a backup of your old logs, just in
case something does go wrong.  (Don't blame us if this script eats all
your logfiles, DoS's Yahoo from your box, knocks up your C compiler,
etc.  :)


perlbot-from-eggdrop.pl
-----------------------

Converts the contents of eggdrop logfiles to the perlbot format
(roughly).  We wrote this to work with our old eggdrop logfiles and
the format they were in; Your Mileage May Vary.  Also, the resulting
logfiles aren't *exactly* the same as the stuff perlbot creates, but
it's pretty close.  Close enough to be useful with the log search CGI
scripts.

Use this the same way you'd use perlbot-date-system.pl.  Backup your
eggdrop logs, then chgdir to the directory with the logs and run this
script.  In conjunction with perlbot-date-system.pl, you would
probably want to back up your eggdrop logs, run
perlbot-date-system.pl, then run perlbot-from-eggdrop.pl.  That way
you'll have both the filenames and contents converted.  Why didn't we
put these into the same script to begin with?  Not enough foresight, I
guess, and now we don't need them.  If you want to merge the two,
please send us the finished product for future distribution with
perlbot.


irclogs/
--------

This directory contains the web-based log search scripts.  Simply copy
the entire irclogs directory to your webserver document root, or wherever
you would like to put it.  Then, edit index.pl, plog.pl, and search/index.pl
and type in the path to your perlbot logs where indicated.

You will need to make sure your webserver will execute the .pl files as
CGI scripts even though they're not in your cgi-bin directory.  With Apache,
you just need to add this line to your .conf file:

  AddHandler cgi-script .pl

Also, you can place a jpg named "logsearch.jpg" in the irclogs/ directory
and it will be displayed at the top of the channel list and search form
pages.  If you don't do this, those pages will have a broken image icon
at the top due to the missing jpg.

